docs: Clarify that custom linters are not enabled by default (#3506)
golangci/golangci-lint: docs/src/docs/contributing/new-linters.mdx

      original-url: github.com/golangci/example-linter
```

> That is all the configuration that is required to run a custom linter in your project. Custom linters are disabled by default,
> and are not enabled when `linters:enable-all` is specified. They can be enabled by adding them the `linters:enable` list, or
> providing the enabled option on the command line, `golangci-lint run -Eexample`.

Reviewer: I propose not deleting the rest of the doc sentences. Only add `Custom linters are disabled by default and are not enabled even `linters:enable-all` is specified`:

```suggestion
That is all the configuration that is required to run a custom linter in your project. Custom linters are disabled by default
and are not enabled even `linters:enable-all` is specified.
Custom rules abide by the same rules as other linters. If the disable all option is specified either on command line or in
`.golangci.yml` files `linters:disable-all: true`, custom linters will be disabled; they can be re-enabled by adding them
to the `linters:enable` list, or providing the enabled option on the command line, `golangci-lint run -Eexample`.
```
